Starting log for team: nilananan
nilananan:during question no-2: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-3: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-4: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-5: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-6: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-7: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-8: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-9: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-10: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-11: [LOG]Pressed Hint Button
nilananan:during question no-11: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-12: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-13: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-14: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-15: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-16: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-17: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-18: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-19: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-20: [LOG]Pressed Skip Button
nilananan:during question no-21: [LOG]Pressed Hint Button
nilananan:during question no-21: [LOG]Pressed Submit Button
nilananan:during question no-21: [LOG]Submitting results to main thread... at ContestMain.submitAction()
nilananan:during question no-21: [LOG]At main thread: Score saved. Now finishing up!
